okay I did toy on this a while back but
it didn't turn out too well so I'm going
to do it again and hopefully it'll turn
out just as well now we're going to be
changing someone's hair color today
that's fairly simple tutorial this is
not very hard but kind of time consuming
because you have to select the whole
hair come up here and you select your
path tool and you know how to select I
assume just point and click now I want
to get this really good so I'll come
back to you guys later and i'll see you
guys a minute okay what you haven't
selected as seen here and i'll know it's
not very good plus i'm in a hurry
because well i don't want to be at my
own computer all day anyways just right
click it go to select and from path
don't ask me why does will cut because i
have no idea i'm going to go and
google it later but anyways once you
have this done
when
I think I'm I know the problem is
anyways once you have this done right
here you're just going to want to go up
here it's like color club bounce or hue
saturation I like click balance better
and move these little knobs as you can
see as I move this knob the hair color
got darker I can change the color I can
darken the yellow
I can make it orange or light brownish
or green if you're that type of retro
and then you select ok and your hair
color has been changed um thanks guys
for watching if there's a problem just
comment and I guess I'll see you guys
later
you